What if you not only wanted to display the string but also the position, so the index of the item.
So let's say you wanted to say ingredient and then in parentheses, that is no syntax
by the way, that's just normal text here, then here you wanted to display the index,
so with double curly braces. I want to get access to
well the index, let's name it i.
Well i is not defined, it neither is a property in my vue instance down here nor is it available through
this loop here.
We can make it available,
we were able to specify ingredient here as a name for the very well, the current value of our loop iteration
has,
we can also alter the syntax.
I can set up parentheses here and now not only extract the ingredient, so the current item but also the
index of the current item by simply adding it here with a comma.
Let's name it
i because I use i over there,
let me make this a bit broader so that we can easier read it.
So i here refers to this i, an ingredient to this.
So with that, we're setting our own names, this is totally up to you,
these two names here. We're setting these names and we're extracting first and the order is important,
first the current element and second, the index of that element.
If we now hit control enter, you see our ingredients followed by the index of this ingredient, again
just going to emphasize this, the order is important here,
the first element in this parentheses is always the element, the value of the element in this array and
the second element, i
in this case is always the index of this element in this array.
This is how easy a looping or dynamically outputting content with a loop is in vuejs.